Phishing add subject to layout (#27669)
demisto/content: Packs/Phishing/ReleaseNotes/3_5_22.md

#### Layouts

##### Phishing Incident v3

> - "Reported Email Subject" field has been added to the basic details section of the layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Reported Email Subject" field has been added to the layout's "Basic Details" section.
```
